Adding support for data specialization plugins (#54)
HPInc/ml-git: README.md

### Links

- [ML-Git API documentation](docs/api/README.md) - Find the commands that are available in our api, usage examples and more.

> - [ml-git plugins](docs/plugins.md) - Dynamically link third-party packages to do extra activities on ml-git.

Reviewer: I think we need to be more direct here.

```suggestion
- [ml-git data specialization plugins](docs/plugins.md) - Dynamically link third-party packages to add specialized behaviors for the data type.
```

Author: Suggestion applied.
